RUSSIA, I THINK IT’S A DISGRACE YOU EEVREN ASKED THAT QUESTION.
YOU EEVREN ASKED THAT QUESTION. BECAUSE IT’S A BIG FAT HOAX.
BECAUSE IT’S A BIG FAT HOAX. >> HOST OF "REAL TIME WITH BILL
>> HOST OF "REAL TIME WITH BILL MAHER."
MAHER." THANK YOU AND WE MISS YOU AND
THANK YOU AND WE MISS YOU AND YOU’RE COMING BACK AND THAT’S
YOU’RE COMING BACK AND THAT’S GREAT.
GREAT. >> THANK YOU.
>> THANK YOU. >> IN THE TIME YOU’VE BEEN AWAY
>> IN THE TIME YOU’VE BEEN AWAY AND WATCHING THE MASSACRE OF
AND WATCHING THE MASSACRE OF DEMOCRACY, HE’S BEEN ASKED IF
DEMOCRACY, HE’S BEEN ASKED IF HE’S A RUSSIAN AGENT?
HE’S A RUSSIAN AGENT? YOU HAVE TO GO BACK TO THE ROSEN
YOU HAVE TO GO BACK TO THE ROSEN BURGS.
BURGS. THE IDEA THE PRESIDENT OF THE
THE IDEA THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES IS ACCUSED BY THE
UNITED STATES IS ACCUSED BY THE PAPER OF RECORD OF WORKING FOR
PAPER OF RECORD OF WORKING FOR THE BAD GUYS.
THE BAD GUYS. >> IT’S ABOUT TIME.
>> IT’S ABOUT TIME. I’VE BEEN USING THE WORD TREASON
I’VE BEEN USING THE WORD TREASON AND TRAITOR FOR THE WHOLE TIME
AND TRAITOR FOR THE WHOLE TIME HE’S BEEN IN OFFICE AND EVERY
HE’S BEEN IN OFFICE AND EVERY GUEST HAS BEEN SAYING I WAS AN
GUEST HAS BEEN SAYING I WAS AN ALARGEST AND OVER STATING THE
ALARGEST AND OVER STATING THE CASE.
CASE. I HEAR THOSE WORDS USED A LOT
I HEAR THOSE WORDS USED A LOT MORE.
MORE. THAT’S WHAT IT IS.
THAT’S WHAT IT IS. WHAT IS IT WHEN YOU’RE PLAINLY
WHAT IS IT WHEN YOU’RE PLAINLY WITH THE PEOPLE WHO ARE NOT US?
WITH THE PEOPLE WHO ARE NOT US? DIDN’T WE SEE THAT IN HELSINKI?
DIDN’T WE SEE THAT IN HELSINKI? PLAINLY HE WAS SAYING GIVEN THE
PLAINLY HE WAS SAYING GIVEN THE CHOICE I’D GO WITH PRESIDENT
CHOICE I’D GO WITH PRESIDENT PUTIN.
PUTIN. PRESIDENT PUTIN SAYS HE DIDN’T
PRESIDENT PUTIN SAYS HE DIDN’T DO IT.
DO IT. I DON’T KNOW WHY HE WOULD?
I DON’T KNOW WHY HE WOULD? CAN YOU IMAGINE IF BUSH HAD
CAN YOU IMAGINE IF BUSH HAD STOOD ON THE IT RUBBLE AND SAYS,
STOOD ON THE IT RUBBLE AND SAYS, WELL, BIN LADEN SAID HE DIDN’T
WELL, BIN LADEN SAID HE DIDN’T DO IT.
DO IT. I DON’T KNOW WHY HE WOULD HAVE.
I DON’T KNOW WHY HE WOULD HAVE. >> THAT’S WHAT DEFENSE ATTORNEYS
>> THAT’S WHAT DEFENSE ATTORNEYS DO.
DO. THEY SAID THE "NEW YORK TIMES"
THEY SAID THE "NEW YORK TIMES" SAID THE FBI, A BUNCH OF
SAID THE FBI, A BUNCH OF BUREAUCRATS, NOT DEMOCRATS,
BUREAUCRATS, NOT DEMOCRATS, INVESTIGATED HIM BECAUSE THEY
INVESTIGATED HIM BECAUSE THEY THOUGHT HIS BEHAVIOR MATCHED
THOUGHT HIS BEHAVIOR MATCHED THAT OF AN AGENT.
THAT OF AN AGENT. DOING THINGS ONE AFTER ANOTHER,
DOING THINGS ONE AFTER ANOTHER, INCLUDE CANNING FIRING THE COMEY
INCLUDE CANNING FIRING THE COMEY THAT SEEMED TO BE IN THE
THAT SEEMED TO BE IN THE INTEREST OF ONE PARTY, RUSSIANS
INTEREST OF ONE PARTY, RUSSIANS AND PUTIN.
AND PUTIN. IS THERE A DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
IS THERE A DIFFERENCE BETWEEN GUILTY AS CHARGED AND INNOCENT.
GUILTY AS CHARGED AND INNOCENT. YOURS?
YOURS? >> NO, I THINK WHAT YOU HAVE TO
>> NO, I THINK WHAT YOU HAVE TO UNDERSTAND ABOUT HIM IS HE’S
UNDERSTAND ABOUT HIM IS HE’S THIS POLITICAL NARCISSIST.
THIS POLITICAL NARCISSIST. I THINK EVERY ARTICLE SHOULD
I THINK EVERY ARTICLE SHOULD BEGIN PRESIDENT TRUMP WHO
BEGIN PRESIDENT TRUMP WHO SUFFERS FROM BEING A CLINICAL
SUFFERS FROM BEING A CLINICAL NARCISSIST AND GO ON WITH THE
NARCISSIST AND GO ON WITH THE STORY.
STORY. BECAUSE THERE IS NO DIFFERENCE
BECAUSE THERE IS NO DIFFERENCE IN HIS MIND, HIS SICK MIND
IN HIS MIND, HIS SICK MIND BETWEEN DOING WHAT IS RIGHT FOR
BETWEEN DOING WHAT IS RIGHT FOR HIM AND DOING WHAT IS FRIGHT THE
HIM AND DOING WHAT IS FRIGHT THE COUNTRY.
COUNTRY. I DON’T THINK HE THINKS IN TERMS
I DON’T THINK HE THINKS IN TERMS OF WHETHER HE’S BETRAYING
OF WHETHER HE’S BETRAYING ANYBODY.
ANYBODY. THERE IS NO BETRAYING.
THERE IS NO BETRAYING. THERE IS ONLY WHAT IS RIGHT AND
THERE IS ONLY WHAT IS RIGHT AND GOOD FOR DONALD TRUMP.
GOOD FOR DONALD TRUMP. I DON’T KNOW HOW WE GET OUT OF
I DON’T KNOW HOW WE GET OUT OF THIS EXCEPT GETTING HIM OUT OF
THIS EXCEPT GETTING HIM OUT OF OFFICE.
OFFICE. I WASN’T NECESSARILY FOR
I WASN’T NECESSARILY FOR IMPEACHMENT UNTIL RECENTLY BUT I
IMPEACHMENT UNTIL RECENTLY BUT I THINK YOU HAVE TO GO AHEAD AND
THINK YOU HAVE TO GO AHEAD AND DO IT.
DO IT. BUT IF YOU DON’T DO IT WITH HIM,
BUT IF YOU DON’T DO IT WITH HIM, WHERE IS THE BAR?
WHERE IS THE BAR? AND WHAT SORT OF DAMAGE IS HE
AND WHAT SORT OF DAMAGE IS HE GOING TO DO FOR THE NEXT TWO
GOING TO DO FOR THE NEXT TWO YEARS HE IS THERE IN THIS
YEARS HE IS THERE IN THIS OFFICE?
OFFICE? I THINK THE QUESTION FOR
I THINK THE QUESTION FOR EVERYBODY IS WHO’S SIDE ARE YOU
EVERYBODY IS WHO’S SIDE ARE YOU ON?
ON? ON THE IT FBI’S SIDE.
ON THE IT FBI’S SIDE. HE’S GOT REPUBLICANS ATTACKING
HE’S GOT REPUBLICANS ATTACKING THE FBI AND ALL OUR
THE FBI AND ALL OUR INSTITUTIONS.
INSTITUTIONS. ARE YOU WITH TRUMP, THIS ONE
ARE YOU WITH TRUMP, THIS ONE SICK MAN?
SICK MAN? OR ARE YOU WITH THE FBI?
OR ARE YOU WITH THE FBI? ARE YOU WITH THE RULE OF LAW?
ARE YOU WITH THE RULE OF LAW? ARE YOU WITH DONALD TRUMP?
ARE YOU WITH DONALD TRUMP? ARE YOU WITH JUDGES, ARE YOU
ARE YOU WITH JUDGES, ARE YOU WITH EVERYTHING WE’VE BASICALLY
WITH EVERYTHING WE’VE BASICALLY BUILT OUR COUNTRY ON?
BUILT OUR COUNTRY ON? OR ARE YOU GOING TO THROW IT
OR ARE YOU GOING TO THROW IT AWAY FOR THIS ONE GUY?
AWAY FOR THIS ONE GUY? I WANT TO KNOW WHAT THE LINDSEY
I WANT TO KNOW WHAT THE LINDSEY GRAHAMS ARE THINKING?
GRAHAMS ARE THINKING? WHAT ARE YOU LYING TO COVER UP
WHAT ARE YOU LYING TO COVER UP FOR THIS GUY AND YOU DON’T EVEN
FOR THIS GUY AND YOU DON’T EVEN KNOW WHAT YOU’RE LYING TO COVER
KNOW WHAT YOU’RE LYING TO COVER UP?
UP? >> THAT’S A QUESTION IF YOU STEP
>> THAT’S A QUESTION IF YOU STEP BACK 101 CONTACTS BETWEEN THE
BACK 101 CONTACTS BETWEEN THE TRUMP PEOPLE GOING INTO THE
TRUMP PEOPLE GOING INTO THE PRESIDENCY, 101 WITH RUSSIANS,
PRESIDENCY, 101 WITH RUSSIANS, I’D SPEND MY LIFE WITH GETTING
I’D SPEND MY LIFE WITH GETTING AROUND AND I HAVEN’T MET MANY
AROUND AND I HAVEN’T MET MANY AND I GOT NOTHING AGAINST PEOPLE
AND I GOT NOTHING AGAINST PEOPLE OF RUSSIA.
OF RUSSIA. BUT HOW MANY CONTACTS CAN YOU
BUT HOW MANY CONTACTS CAN YOU HAVE WITHOUT SOMEBODY SAYING
HAVE WITHOUT SOMEBODY SAYING WHAT’S UP?
WHAT’S UP? EVEN THE REPUBLICANS.
EVEN THE REPUBLICANS. >> AND THIS IS JUST WHAT WE KNOW
>> AND THIS IS JUST WHAT WE KNOW HE DOES PLAINLY, IN PUBLIC, IN
HE DOES PLAINLY, IN PUBLIC, IN FRONT OF THE CAMERAS.
FRONT OF THE CAMERAS. I MEAN HIS DEFENSE SEEMS TO BE I
I MEAN HIS DEFENSE SEEMS TO BE I WAS ONLY GIVING ORDERS.
WAS ONLY GIVING ORDERS. WHAT WE’RE GOING TO FIND OUT IN
WHAT WE’RE GOING TO FIND OUT IN THE MUELLER REPORT, I HAVE NO
THE MUELLER REPORT, I HAVE NO IDEA BUT MORE OF THE SAME.
IDEA BUT MORE OF THE SAME. LOOK, IT’S NOT THAT COMPLICATED.
LOOK, IT’S NOT THAT COMPLICATED. AT SOME POINT HE COULDN’T
AT SOME POINT HE COULDN’T BAUEREE MONEY FROM ANYBODY ELSE
BAUEREE MONEY FROM ANYBODY ELSE SO HE GOT IT FROM THE RUSSIANS.
SO HE GOT IT FROM THE RUSSIANS. CUT TO THE HOOKERS AND THE HOTEL
CUT TO THE HOOKERS AND THE HOTEL ROOM.
ROOM. HE IS INTO THEM.
HE IS INTO THEM. I DON’T KNOW IF IT WAS WITTING
I DON’T KNOW IF IT WAS WITTING OR UNWITTING.
OR UNWITTING. WHEN YOU’RE A NARCISSIST LIKE
WHEN YOU’RE A NARCISSIST LIKE HIM, HE DOESN’T THINK THAT FAR
HIM, HE DOESN’T THINK THAT FAR AHEAD.
AHEAD. HE DOESN’T THINK.
HE DOESN’T THINK. HE JUST SAYS -- THIS IS WHAT I
HE JUST SAYS -- THIS IS WHAT I WISH PEOPLE WOULD UNDERSTAND.
WISH PEOPLE WOULD UNDERSTAND. HE JUST SAYS AT ANY GIVEN MOMENT
HE JUST SAYS AT ANY GIVEN MOMENT WHAT HE WISHES THE REALITY WAS.
WHAT HE WISHES THE REALITY WAS. I MAKE KIM -- YEAH?
I MAKE KIM -- YEAH? >> TED COPAL WROTE A BEAUTIFULLY
>> TED COPAL WROTE A BEAUTIFULLY WRITTEN ARTICLE SAYING WATCH OUT
WRITTEN ARTICLE SAYING WATCH OUT WHETHER THE VOTERS KICK HIM OUT
WHETHER THE VOTERS KICK HIM OUT OR THE MUELLER REPORT LEESDS HIM
OR THE MUELLER REPORT LEESDS HIM TO BE IMPEACHED AND EITHER WAY
TO BE IMPEACHED AND EITHER WAY HE’S GOING TO BE OUT THERE.
HE’S GOING TO BE OUT THERE. TRUMP’S AT 31.
TRUMP’S AT 31. THAT’S 1/3 OF THE COUNTRY IS
THAT’S 1/3 OF THE COUNTRY IS STRONGLY BEHIND HIM.
STRONGLY BEHIND HIM. YOU SUGGESTED HE MAY NOT LEAVE?
YOU SUGGESTED HE MAY NOT LEAVE? >> YES.
>> YES. I’VE ALWAYS SAID THAT.
I’VE ALWAYS SAID THAT. HE’S GOING TO GO WHEN HE WANTS
HE’S GOING TO GO WHEN HE WANTS TO GO.
TO GO. I DON’T THINK -- HE WAS SAYING
I DON’T THINK -- HE WAS SAYING IN THE LAST ELECTION THAT IT’S
IN THE LAST ELECTION THAT IT’S RIGGED, EXCEPT THAT HE WON AND
RIGGED, EXCEPT THAT HE WON AND IT WASN’T RIGGED.
IT WASN’T RIGGED. BUT IF HE LOSES, HE’S ALREADY
BUT IF HE LOSES, HE’S ALREADY PLANTED THE SEED WITH HIS PEOPLE
PLANTED THE SEED WITH HIS PEOPLE THAT THEY’RE ALL AGAINST HIM.
THAT THEY’RE ALL AGAINST HIM. IF YOU CAN’T TRUST THE FBI AND
IF YOU CAN’T TRUST THE FBI AND THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT AND THE
THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT AND THE RULE OF LAW AND THE JUDGES, THEN
RULE OF LAW AND THE JUDGES, THEN OBVIOUSLY AN ELECTION CAN BE
OBVIOUSLY AN ELECTION CAN BE FAKED.
FAKED. SO IF EVERYTHING IS FAKE NEWS
SO IF EVERYTHING IS FAKE NEWS AND EVERYTHING IS RIGGED, WHEN
AND EVERYTHING IS RIGGED, WHEN HE LOSES THE ELECTION, THEY’RE
HE LOSES THE ELECTION, THEY’RE NOT GOING TO ACCEPT THAT.
NOT GOING TO ACCEPT THAT. THAT’S WHAT HE KNOWS.
THAT’S WHAT HE KNOWS. HE HAS THAT ARMY IN THE STREET.
HE HAS THAT ARMY IN THE STREET. THEY CARE ABOUT THE STREET.
THEY CARE ABOUT THE STREET. THE GUTTERHEAD COME CAN TO POWER
THE GUTTERHEAD COME CAN TO POWER IS THAT’S WHAT HISTORIANS SAID
IS THAT’S WHAT HISTORIANS SAID ABOUT HITLER.
ABOUT HITLER. THAT’S WHAT THIS IS.
THAT’S WHAT THIS IS. >> THE CONGO, WHAT’S GOING ON IN
>> THE CONGO, WHAT’S GOING ON IN ZIMBABWE.
ZIMBABWE. POOR COUNTRIES GOT TRIBAL
POOR COUNTRIES GOT TRIBAL DIFFERENCES AND EVERY TIME A GUY
DIFFERENCES AND EVERY TIME A GUY LOSES, THEY CLAIM IT WAS STOLEN,
LOSES, THEY CLAIM IT WAS STOLEN, THEY TRY TO ARREST THE GUY THEY
THEY TRY TO ARREST THE GUY THEY BEAT.
BEAT. LOCK HER UP WAS HIS -- WHAT
LOCK HER UP WAS HIS -- WHAT HIS -- WHAT DO YOU CALL IT?
HIS -- WHAT DO YOU CALL IT? HIS JINGLE FOR THE LAST COUPLE
HIS JINGLE FOR THE LAST COUPLE YEARS.
YEARS. A
A ARREST HILLARY CLINTON AS A JOKE
ARREST HILLARY CLINTON AS A JOKE AND IF HE HAD LOST THE ELECTION,
AND IF HE HAD LOST THE ELECTION, HE WOULD HAVE SAID IT WAS
HE WOULD HAVE SAID IT WAS STOLEN.
STOLEN. HE’S TEACHING A GOOD PORTION OF
HE’S TEACHING A GOOD PORTION OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE NOT TO TRUST
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE NOT TO TRUST ANY OBJECTIVE FACT INCLUDING
ANY OBJECTIVE FACT INCLUDING NUMBERS IN ELECTION.
NUMBERS IN ELECTION. >> WELL WITH, THAT’S HOW WHETHER
>> WELL WITH, THAT’S HOW WHETHER DICTATOR DOOZ IT.
DICTATOR DOOZ IT. THEY HAVE TO DESTROY TRUTH FIRST
THEY HAVE TO DESTROY TRUTH FIRST BECAUSE IF PEOPLE READS THE
BECAUSE IF PEOPLE READS THE PAPER, KNEW IT WAS GOING ON,
PAPER, KNEW IT WAS GOING ON, THEN OBVIOUSLY THEY WOULD BE
THEN OBVIOUSLY THEY WOULD BE UPSET BUT THEY DON’T AND THEY
UPSET BUT THEY DON’T AND THEY ESPECIALLY DON’T HEAR IT INSIDE
ESPECIALLY DON’T HEAR IT INSIDE THE FOX NEWS BUBBLE.
THE FOX NEWS BUBBLE. SO WHAT YOU HAVE IS SOMEONE WHO
SO WHAT YOU HAVE IS SOMEONE WHO CAN TELL YOU WHAT THE TRUTH IS.
CAN TELL YOU WHAT THE TRUTH IS. THEY BELIEVE HIM MORE THAN WHAT
THEY BELIEVE HIM MORE THAN WHAT THEY BELIEVE IN THE "NEW YORK
THEY BELIEVE IN THE "NEW YORK TIMES"S BECAUSE THEY DON’T READ
TIMES"S BECAUSE THEY DON’T READ THE "NEW YORK TIMES."
THE "NEW YORK TIMES." SO YOU’RE LEFT WITH A SITUATION
SO YOU’RE LEFT WITH A SITUATION WHERE THERE IS NO TRUTH AND
WHERE THERE IS NO TRUTH AND YOU’RE JUST GOING TO PICK SIDES
YOU’RE JUST GOING TO PICK SIDES AND THAT’S WHERE WE HAVE THIS
AND THAT’S WHERE WE HAVE THIS TERRIBLE LACK OF BIPARTISANSHIP.
TERRIBLE LACK OF BIPARTISANSHIP. FORGET ABOUT GETTING ANYTHING
FORGET ABOUT GETTING ANYTHING DONE IN THE COUNTRY.
DONE IN THE COUNTRY. YEAR JUST SORT OF FIGHTING FOR
YEAR JUST SORT OF FIGHTING FOR OUR LIFE AS A COUNTRY.
OUR LIFE AS A COUNTRY. >> WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THIS
>> WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THIS STEVEN KING THING TODAY?
STEVEN KING THING TODAY? I’M NOT TALKING ABOUT THE
I’M NOT TALKING ABOUT THE NOVELIST?
NOVELIST? THIS GUY FROM IOWA, HE’S BEEN
THIS GUY FROM IOWA, HE’S BEEN PUSHING THE ENVELOPE FOR YEARS
PUSHING THE ENVELOPE FOR YEARS AND NOW THEY FINALLY TODAY
AND NOW THEY FINALLY TODAY PASSED A RESOLUTION IN THE U.S.
PASSED A RESOLUTION IN THE U.S. CONGRESS SAYING THIS IS AWFUL,
CONGRESS SAYING THIS IS AWFUL, WE DON’T BELIEVE UNWHITE HOUSE
WE DON’T BELIEVE UNWHITE HOUSE SUPREMACY, THEY’RE MAKING IT
SUPREMACY, THEY’RE MAKING IT OFFICIAL.
OFFICIAL. >> I MEAN LOOK WHERE THE BAR IS,
>> I MEAN LOOK WHERE THE BAR IS, CRIS CAN RR, THAT WE’RE CHEERING
CRIS CAN RR, THAT WE’RE CHEERING THE REPUBLICANS BECAUSE THEY SAY
THE REPUBLICANS BECAUSE THEY SAY THEY DON’T BELIEVE IN WHITE
THEY DON’T BELIEVE IN WHITE SUPREMACY.
SUPREMACY. THIS IS HOW FAR DOWN WE’VE GONE.
THIS IS HOW FAR DOWN WE’VE GONE. THIS IS WHERE THEY DRAW THE
THIS IS WHERE THEY DRAW THE LINE.
LINE. I’M BEGINNING TO WONDER IF THEY
I’M BEGINNING TO WONDER IF THEY WOULD EVER DRAW A LINE.
WOULD EVER DRAW A LINE. BUT AGAIN THE QUESTION WE ALWAYS
BUT AGAIN THE QUESTION WE ALWAYS HAVE TO ASK IS WHAT WILL THE
HAVE TO ASK IS WHAT WILL THE REPUBLICANS PUT UP WITH?
REPUBLICANS PUT UP WITH? OBVIOUSLY MOST OF THE COUNTRY
OBVIOUSLY MOST OF THE COUNTRY THINKS THAT DONALD TRUMP IS A
THINKS THAT DONALD TRUMP IS A DANGEROUS MENACE.
DANGEROUS MENACE. SO YOU’RE EITHER ON THAT PAGE OR
SO YOU’RE EITHER ON THAT PAGE OR YOU ARE PRO-DANGEROUS MENACE.
YOU ARE PRO-DANGEROUS MENACE. AND IF THE IT REPUBLICANS ARE
AND IF THE IT REPUBLICANS ARE GOING TO GO DOWN THIS ROAD WHERE
GOING TO GO DOWN THIS ROAD WHERE THEY ARE GOING TO DEFEND HIM,
THEY ARE GOING TO DEFEND HIM, EVEN WHEN HE IS TAKING DOWN THE
EVEN WHEN HE IS TAKING DOWN THE FBI, THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT,
FBI, THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT, THOSE INSTITUTIONS, THOSE
THOSE INSTITUTIONS, THOSE PILLARS OF OUR SOCIETY,EN THE I
PILLARS OF OUR SOCIETY,EN THE I TOBT KNOW WHERE WE’RE GOING TO
TOBT KNOW WHERE WE’RE GOING TO GO.
GO. YEAR GOING TO GO SOMEPLACE THAT
YEAR GOING TO GO SOMEPLACE THAT ISN’T AMERICA ANYMORE.
ISN’T AMERICA ANYMORE. >> ARE YOU READY TO LOOK AT
>> ARE YOU READY TO LOOK AT SOMETHING AND SEE THAT MIGHT
SOMETHING AND SEE THAT MIGHT LEAD TO A TRULY GREAT PRESIDENCY
LEAD TO A TRULY GREAT PRESIDENCY WITH ALL THESE 32 PEOPLE TALK
WITH ALL THESE 32 PEOPLE TALK ABOUT RUNNING IN 2020?
ABOUT RUNNING IN 2020? >> ANY PRESIDENCY WOULD BE
>> ANY PRESIDENCY WOULD BE BETTER.
BETTER. I WANT THE IT DEMOCRATS TO FIND
I WANT THE IT DEMOCRATS TO FIND THE BEST CANDIDATE AVAILABLE.
THE BEST CANDIDATE AVAILABLE. I WANT THEM TO GO THROUGH A
I WANT THEM TO GO THROUGH A RIGOROUS PRIMARY PROCESS.
RIGOROUS PRIMARY PROCESS. AND THAT’S A GOOD THING.
AND THAT’S A GOOD THING. PEOPLE ARE ASKING ALL THE TIME,
PEOPLE ARE ASKING ALL THE TIME, WHAT DO YOU THINK OF BETO?
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF BETO? I DONT KNOW.
I DONT KNOW. IT’S LIKE A BAND.
IT’S LIKE A BAND. I JUST 3rd ONE SONG SO FAR.
I JUST 3rd ONE SONG SO FAR. I WANT TO HEAR MORE BUT I REALLY
I WANT TO HEAR MORE BUT I REALLY DON’T KNOW A LOT OF THEIR STUFF
DON’T KNOW A LOT OF THEIR STUFF AND YEAR GOING TO FINDS OUT AND
AND YEAR GOING TO FINDS OUT AND THAT’S WHAT’S GOOD.
THAT’S WHAT’S GOOD. BECAUSE I WANT THE MOST TALENTED
BECAUSE I WANT THE MOST TALENTED POLITICIAN TO EMERGE.
POLITICIAN TO EMERGE. WE ALL WANT THAT.
WE ALL WANT THAT. WE WANT SOMEONE WHO CAN BEAT
WE WANT SOMEONE WHO CAN BEAT DONALD TRUMP AND WE’LL FIND OUT